>> Sarah Drasner: SVGs for
animation support breakdown or
how I learned to love the inline.
I mentioned a couple of times that inline
is my favorite way of working with SVG but
let's talk about that really quickly.
For image source, object,
embed, background URL and
iFrame you can only designate
animation if it's inside the SVG.
Also, the problem with this is that
sometimes, if you execute scripts inside
of an SVG, because you can actually
execute scripts and also do CSS animation,
the browser is like, this is an image and
it's executing things.
[LAUGH] What, shut it down, shut it down.
So I would not actually
suggest you doing this,
it can kind of cause some security errors.
For inline, both SVG animation and
interaction are supported.
So for the length of this class what
I'm gonna ask you to do is whenever
you're working with SVG you actually
put it directly inline in the HTML.
So let's talk about animating with CSS,
just like a really quick refresher.
So this course kind of assumes that
you've worked with CSS animation before.
We're gonna talk about a couple gotchas
before I send you on your way animating.
So we have some keyframes, you're gonna
@keyframes animation-name-you-pick.
Don't call your animations
animation-name-you-pick.
We have at 0%, background is blue.
The transform is translate x0.
Then 50%, it turns purple, and
it moves over by 50 pixels.
Then at 100%,
it's gonna move over 100 pixels.
So if we apply this to a ball,
we're gonna say, animation-name-you-pick,
it's It's gonna be two seconds long,
it's gonna wait two
seconds before it starts animating,
it's gonna happen three times.
It's gonna alternate, so it's gonna
go this way, this way, this way for
each iteration.
The easing structure is ease-in-out,
and forwards for
both, make sure that the animation
doesn't snap back to its original state.
Cool, so here's what that looks
like with the div, right?
It's kind of what you would expect.
That's what we talked about it doing, so
that's not surprising that
it's doing that, cool.